fix: return -38003 for FCUv1 timestamp errors (#10353)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes
- Fix data race in `SyncDurationMetrics` where the backing `HashMap` was mutated from multiple sync threads in parallel, causing missing or zero `sync_duration` samples. [#10277](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10277)
- Fix CVE-2026-34480 and CVE-2026-34478 in log4j [10332](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10332)

> - Fix `engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV1` returning `-32602 INVALID_WITHDRAWALS_PARAMS` instead of `-38003 INVALID_PAYLOAD_ATTRIBUTES` for invalid payload attribute timestamps (zero or not greater than head). [#10353](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10353)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV1` now returns `-38003 INVALID_PAYLOAD_ATTRIBUTES` for invalid payload attribute timestamps (zero or not greater than head). [#10353](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10353)
```

- Cleanly stop backward sync if world state is unavailable [#10021](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10021)
- Enforce that `blob_versioned_hashes` match the supplied blobs [#10278](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10278)
- Restrict no-reorg behavior to the prefix of the known finalized chain (per execution-apis #786) [#10335](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10335)

> - Fix `engine_forkchoiceUpdatedV1` now returns `-38003 INVALID_PAYLOAD_ATTRIBUTES` for invalid payload attribute timestamps (zero or not greater than head). [#10353](https://github.com/besu-eth/besu/pull/10353)

Reviewer: this needs to move to unreleased section

Author: done
